c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\gameBackground.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\backgroundDraft.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\buttontest1.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_blue.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_green.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_orange.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_purple.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_red.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_yellow.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_orange_pressed.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_blue_pressed.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_green_pressed.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_purple_pressed.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_red_pressed.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\button_yellow_pressed.xnb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Phone_Hero.dll
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Phone_Hero.pdb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\Phone_Hero.dll
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\Phone_Hero.pdb
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Release\
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Phone_Hero.xap
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Phone_Hero.xap
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\bin\Windows Phone\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\users\morro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\Phone_Hero\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Release\
